[school chatter]
[happy sigh]
I promise, it won't take a
minute, really. Okay, are you
ready? You better be.
Are you sure about this? It
might not be a good idea.
You can't back out now! I'm
counting on you.
Hey, we've gone far enough,
don't you think? So what did you
want to say to me?
Uh, oh! My eye!
Can you look? I got something in
it.
Wow, Minako sure is good!
(Usagi) Oooh! They look like
they're about to kiss!
This is amazing! Yes! Woo! Work
it! [gasps] Eee!
Huh?
Uh-oh!
(Usagi) Great close-up!
[screams]
And just what do you think
you're doing, Bun-head?
[awkward laughing]
(Usagi) "Becoming an Idol:
Minako's Ambition."
(Rei) Are these the best photos
you got?
Man, these are really bad.
Well, at least your excitement
really comes through, Usagi, if
nothing else.
Gotta hand it to Minako for
coming up with these ideas.
(Makoto) I mean, trying to sell
photos of herself with Seiya to
the media?
It's kinda brilliant!
Become a teen idol by posing as
a teen idol's girlfriend!
Yes, exactly. And just a couple
of days ago, she made me take a
photo of her and Yaten...
eating lunch together, so she
could promote herself as his
girlfriend!
Wait a minute! She was eating
lunch with my Yaten?!
And before that, she pretended
to have a problem with math...
so that she could get a photo of
Taiki helping her with homework.
[gasps] She went after Taiki?!
[embarrassed]
Seems she's going after all of
them.
The real question is...
Which one is Minako...
Really after?
(Minako) Hey guys!
Huh?
Good morning!
Which one?!
Which one what?
We all know about you and your
romantic photo shoots.
So which one of the Three Lights
are you really after?
Ohh.
[grunts]
That. I've totally given
up on that plan, it was too
roundabout.
I've come up with a more
realistic strategy.
[gasps] That's mine...
Huh?
Ahh.
I, Minako Aino!
As of now...
am officially the personal
assistant to the popular idol
group, the Three Lights!
[groans]
These are super-busy guys,
famous celebrities.
I thought being at the same
school, we'd naturally become
intimate...
but there just aren't
enough opportunities.
But if I'm around them
twenty-four-seven, love can't
help but blossom and grow!
Okay then, so what's your
ultimate objective in getting
close to the Three Lights...
Minako? To become an idol
yourself or to make one of the
members your boyfriend?
Obviously both, of course!
[groans]
Oh wow, look at what time it is,
I've gotta run!
The Three Lights are waiting for
me in the studio!
Minako's left the building!
Wait, she's already their
assistant? When the heck did she
pull that off?
Hey, what happened to Usagi?
When did she leave?
I hope all this isn't just a
waste of time. Do you really
think we'll be able to find her?
Absolutely. That's the whole
reason we've gone to the trouble
of becoming teen idols.
Yes, we just have to become
famous enough that she can't
help but know we're here.
We have to work harder at it,
that's all.
Hmm.
[chewing]
Hmm?
[chuckles]
(Secretary) Producer Nezu, the
President would like to see you.
You summoned me, Master Galaxia?
I did. Have you decided on your
next target?
Oh, yes. The target is chosen
and in my sights, Master
Galaxia.
I see. So then go and get me
the true Star Seed, quickly, so
I can make the galaxy mine.
I will.
[singing scales]
(Usagi) What is he doing?
Getting ready. He's just warming
up his pipes.
(Usagi) He's got problems with
his plumbing?
Not those kind of pipes, I mean
his voice! Huh? Wait, what're
you even doing in here, Usagi?
[giggles] Well, I wanted to see
if what you were doing was as
fun as it sounded.
So I kinda decided to follow
you. [giggling]
Excuse me, no fans are allowed
back here, I'm sorry. And no
pictures. Can you...?
Back off. Stay out of my way.
(Yaten) [singing scales]
Well, she's rude.
[crowd cheering]
Hm?
Yeah, show them your support!
And I'll be happy to sign
autographs too, by the way!
[shrieks] Hey! Let
go!
[screams] That hurt!
Hey, you're that lady from
before.
This isn't fun and games.
Who does she think she is?
What an attitude! Blah!
(Minako) Good work, guys!
(Seiya) Yeah. Thanks.
[yawns] Huh?
My name is Saki Itabashi. I'm a
photographer who's been assigned
to take some up close...
and personal photos for a book
called, "Three Lights: An
Intimate Portrait."
Hi there.
Ah, yes, we heard you were
coming. How do you do?
Yeah, okay, okay, I get why
you're here. But did you have to
take a picture of me yawning?
That's a little too intimate!
Huh?
Give me that film!
[gasps]
Hold it just like that! Wow,
you're even more good-looking
when you're angry.
[annoyed grunt]
Hear that? That lady is a
photographer.
Yep. But I still don't have to
like her.
[grunts]
Quite on set!
Camera speeding!
Roll sound!
Right, here we go, let's do a
take!
(Usagi) Ew, what is this
yucky-looking stuff, anyway?
(Minako) It's called "red
juice."
Okay, and action!
It's juice-a-licious! Ahh!
(Director) Cut!
Good. Okay, let's set up for
another angle. Hey, we're gonna
need some more juice over here!
Right away!
How many is that? One, two,
three, four, that's their fifth
serving!
Maybe it's really good. Let's
see. Blehhhh! It's awful.
(Minako) Ready!
We're rolling, and action!
How can they act like it's so
delicious?
Because they're professional
teen idols, silly.
They have to keep smiling for
the camera no matter what
they're feeling.
Being a professional is a tough
job.
Hmph. I'll say!
(Saki) [chuckles] You act like
you know all about it.
I bet you want to be an idol
yourself, right?
That's right, I do.
Well, then maybe one day you'll
understand.
[grunts] Man! What's with
that attitude?
A little more of an angle,
Seiya. Taiki, eyes forward.
That's it, hold it just like
that.
Yeah, that's right. Hold that
pose.
What a moment! The click of the
shutter...
the flash of the strobe lights,
that's when you know you're a
star!
[moans] I'm starving. When are
we going to take a break for
dinner?
A true professional doesn't even
think about eating until their
work is done, Usagi.
Man, I could never do this
job. That's it, I'm gonna
go buy something to eat.
Well, okay! That's all the
studio time we booked for today,
so that is officially a wrap!
Really good work, everyone.
Kill the lights!
Get those out of the way!
Oh, thanks.
You're a great help.
I'm feeling hungry.
Hey! Why don't we all go
somewhere special and get a bite
to eat together? We deserve it!
Sounds good.
Yay! Follow me! [giggles]
(Saki) Wait!
Can't we all stay for just a
little bit longer?
Hmm?
You were just starting to loosen
up.
Please, let me keep shooting
till I get the look I want.
But we're already over our time.
I've got news for you, we're not
in school.
It's not like everything's over
as soon as the bell rings, okay?
They have all been working
really hard today and they're
hungry! They've had it!
But I'm so close to getting the
perfect shot.
I'm sorry, but if you don't have
the perfect photo already, maybe
the problem's with you, Saki.
Stop arguing with her, she's
right.
But I...
Okay, then.
You can keep shooting till your
satisfied. But...
These had better be the best
publicity shots ever.
Count on it.
But we're past our time. And
you're hungry and tired.
We're pros. It's what we do.
Wow. Is being a pro always
this demanding?
Look, for us, every day is for
keeps, and that means putting
everything we've got...
on the line to achieve the very
best results we possibly can.
No compromises. No saying that
we're too tired. Or too hungry.
You see?
Okay! Let's do this.
You can't rely on flashiness or
popularity. Not if you really
want to make it.
Nothing is easy in this line of
work.
It's like you said yourself,
remember? Being a professional
is a tough job.
(Director) Ready when you are!
Hang in there. Right, coming...
Okay, here we go again!
[happy gasp]
Chin down a little bit, Seiya.
And Taiki, stand straight, with
your chest out.
There, that's it. Hold it like
that.
(Minako) Saki's a pro, the Three
Lights are pros. I'm just an
amateur compared to them.
Minako, if you wanna be a real
idol you had better get with the
program!
Good work, everyone.
(Nezu) Saki Itabashi.
Huh?
(Nezu) You are truly the
photography world's brightest
new star, a true genius.
Who're you?
I admire the passion you put
into every photograph you take.
Maybe you'd like to take one of
me.
Sorry, I don't take photographs
outside of my work.
It's fine. I wasn't that
interested in having my picture
taken anyway.
What I want is your Star Seed.
Chuu!
[screams]
Where did Usagi disappear to?
Did she get bored and go home
already? [gasps]
Saki!
Haa! Umph!
[screams]
She needs help!
Venus Crystal Power Make Up!
Huh? Aww. Come on, don't tell
me I was wrong again!
Hey!
[gasps]
Get away from her!
Hm!
[laughing]
[chomps] Hmm? Hmm!
Moon Eternal Make Up!
Venus!
Love and Beauty Shock!
[chuckles]
Wha? She dodged it!
What was it that you were aiming
at anyway, you stupid girl?
(Sailor Moon) You're the stupid
one!
Huh?
I was looking for you, where
were you?
[sheepish chuckle] Sorry.
Anyway, how dare you attack
Saki...
after she had just finished
teaching me the challenges of
life as a pro!
I'm the Pretty Guardian who
fights for love and for beauty!
I am Sailor Venus!
And I'm the Pretty Guardian who
just ate a rice ball so I'm at
full strength!
I am Sailor Moon!
And in the name of the Moon,
I'll punish you!
I know, why don't we have your
friend Saki teach you even more
of life's challenges?
Sailor Gekisha! Do me a favor
and get rid of these two, will
you?
[giggles]
My work here is done for
today. Bye-bye!
[gasps]
Sailor Gekisha!
Saki?
Ooh, yes, very nice, very nice,
hold that pose, just like that!
Aah! Huh?
A photo opportunity!
[screams]
No! Saki!
Ah!
Love it! Don't move!
[chuckles] The perfect angle!
What a photo op!
[screaming]
[gasping] Venus!
Hang in there! [grunts]
Huh?
Who? What? Hm? [growls]
Breaking through the darkness of
night.
Traveling unchained across
the atmosphere.
The three sacred shooting
stars!
What the? Who're you guys?
Sailor Star Fighter!
Sailor Star Maker!
Sailor Star Healer!
We're the Sailor Star Lights!
Stage on!
Wow, what a pose! You look
great! What a photo op!
[grunts]
Star Sensitive Inferno!
[screams]
Now, Sailor Moon!
[grunts]
Starlight Honeymoon Therapy
Kiss!
[grunting] Beautiful!
Thank goodness.
Uh?
Wait! Don't go!
Are they on our side? Or are
they?
I wonder if Minako is succeeding
in her efforts to become a
superstar idol.
I doubt it'll last. You don't
even get any time for meals.
Meals?
You wouldn't believe what
happened yesterday!
(Minako) Morning!
Huh?
Oh, good, you're all here! Look!
[shrieks] Oh!
[gasps] Hey, that's mine!
"Come be a star." An audition?
Minako, what are these?
I realized that if I made my
debut as an assistant to the
Three Lights...
then people would
think I was just riding their
coattails.
(Minako) So I decided to earn
my stardom fair and square by
auditioning!
So you're not giving up your
dream of becoming an idol?
Not in a million years! Well!
Minako has got to go, go, go!
(Usagi) Hey, I heard you're
going to be doing a musical?
(Seiya) Hm? Yeah. Dammit, she
hates me. That's why she's
giving me a hard time.
(Usagi) What are you talking
about? And taking your anger out
on me isn't going to help!
(Seiya) Shut up! You don't know
what I'm going through!
(Usagi) Yeah? Well, I just
failed a big test!
(Seiya) Huh, me too.
(Usagi) Next time on Sailor
Stars:
"Fighter's Secret
Identity: The Shocking Super
Transformation."
The moonlight is a messenger
of love.